# Rycolab Zulip
The primary vehicle for communication among members of the lab is Zulip. Zulip [https://zulip.com/] is a free and open-source chat platform that we run locally on ETH servers. Unlike Slack, it is free and, thus, we can invite as many members as we would like. You need to be invited to join. Once you are invited, the link is https://zulip.rycolab.inf.ethz.ch/.

There are several principles behind being a good citizen in online space. I'll outline them here. 
1. *Be courteous*. It is important that we treat each other with respect. That being said, treating someone with respect does not mean agreeing with them--specifically on scientific issues. We are brought together by our desire to do science. To do it well means every single person needs to have space to speak about the quality of work.
2. *Be transparent*. When in doubt, make your channel public. It's best if all discourse takes place in a public channel. Indeed, all but a few channels are public. The private ones involve topics that have sensitive information, e.g., grades or admissions decisions. However, the fact that we are transparent on what we are working on does not mean that it is in any way acceptable to lurk in someone else's project channel and start working on a similar project. You should be mindful that a trust-based ecosystem takes effort from everyone to ensure that the source of inspirations is properly credited and it is on the lurker to not step on their colleagues’ toes when starting related projects. 
4. *Be hospitable*. We allow anyone to join our chat. Indeed, feel free to invite anyone you want. We strive to be transparent not only to other members of the group, but also to the wider research community. 
5. *Follow naming conventions.* 
